README.md, before:

# Premier Pair-Up

![Logo](docs/images/premier-pair-up-high-resolution-logo-transparent.png)

## Description

Premier Pair-up is a football themed memory card game designed to test your knowledge of clubs and countries associated with football players. Inspired by my 6 year old son, who loves playing a football guessing game during his bath time. I created this game to bring the fun and challenge of that experience to a wider audience. Users can select from four different leagues or one international, making it a diverse and engaging experience for football fans of all ages.

You can access the site at: https://messsy.github.io/Premier-Pair-Up/

## Features

* User Sign-up and Sign-In: Simple intuitive page for both new and previous users.
* Easy Navigation: Smooth and user-friendly navigation throughout the game.
* Crisp Card Images: High quality images of club badges that enhance the gameplay experience.

![Responsive Mockup](docs/images/amiresponsive.png)

## Home Page

The landing page invites users to create an account in order to track their progress, however this function is not up and running. The navbar enables the user to select which of the four leagues or one international game that they would like to play.

![Landing Page](docs/images/landingpage.png)

## Game Pages

The user can select which of the leagues they wish to play;

* Premier League
* La Liga
* Serie A
* Rest of the World
* International

Upon selecting a leage, the user will see 16 facedown cards. The aim of the game is to turn the cards and match the pairs in as few sequences as possible.

![Game Page](docs/images/gamepage.png)

Once all cards have been turned, the game is complete and your score (in turns) is shown at the top of the page

![Completed Game Page](docs/images/completedgamepage.png)

The user can either refresh the game in an attempt to improve their score, or try a different game.


## Wireframe

The wireframe shows a clean and simple design to aid in user experience.

![Wireframe](docs/images/wireframe.png)


## User Stories and bugs

* As a user, I would like to match cards of different football teams.
* As a user, I would to play games from different leagues
* As a user, I would like to be able to signup enabling me to track my progress
* As a user, I would like to know how many moves it has taken to me to complete the game.
* As a user, I would love to be able to see my results in a league table.
* As an owner, I would like to be able to add new leagues/themes to the game.
* As an owner, I would like the user to able to easily navigate throughtout the different games.
* As an owner, I would like animated images on the landing page to improve user experience.
* As an owner, I would like to remove the background from the club badge images for a more cleaner, crisp look.


* Germany badge was too similar to the background image of the game. With the background of the card removed, the badge became hard to visualise - Badge was changed.
* Navbar was not functioning when a league was selected, no other leagues could then be chosen. - Fixed


##

Commit message:

Future Features and Validator Testing added to readme

README.md, after:

# Premier Pair-Up

![Logo](assets/images/premier-pair-up-high-resolution-logo-transparent-png)

## Description

Premier Pair-up is a football themed memory card game designed to test your knowledge of clubs and countries associated with football players. Inspired by my 6 year old son, who loves playing a football guessing game during his bath time. I created this game to bring the fun and challenge of that experience to a wider audience. Users can select from four different leagues or one international, making it a diverse and engaging experience for football fans of all ages.

You can access the site at: https://messsy.github.io/Premier-Pair-Up/

## Features

* User Sign-up and Sign-In: Simple intuitive page for both new and previous users.
* Easy Navigation: Smooth and user-friendly navigation throughout the game.
* Crisp Card Images: High quality images of club badges that enhance the gameplay experience.

![Responsive Mockup](docs/images/amiresponsive.png)

## Home Page

The landing page invites users to create an account in order to track their progress, however this function is not up and running. The navbar enables the user to select which of the four leagues or one international game that they would like to play.

![Landing Page](docs/images/landingpage.png)

## Game Pages

The user can select which of the leagues they wish to play;

* Premier League
* La Liga
* Serie A
* Rest of the World
* International

Upon selecting a leage, the user will see 16 facedown cards. The aim of the game is to turn the cards and match the pairs in as few sequences as possible.

![Game Page](docs/images/gamepage.png)

Once all cards have been turned, the game is complete and your score (in turns) is shown at the top of the page

![Completed Game Page](docs/images/completedgamepage.png)

The user can either refresh the game in an attempt to improve their score, or try a different game.


## Wireframe

The wireframe shows a clean and simple design to aid in user experience.

![Wireframe](docs/images/wireframe.png)


## User Stories and bugs

* As a user, I would like to match cards of different football teams.
* As a user, I would to play games from different leagues
* As a user, I would like to be able to signup enabling me to track my progress
* As a user, I would like to know how many moves it has taken to me to complete the game.
* As a user, I would love to be able to see my results in a league table.
* As an owner, I would like to be able to add new leagues/themes to the game.
* As an owner, I would like the user to able to easily navigate throughtout the different games.
* As an owner, I would like animated images on the landing page to improve user experience.
* As an owner, I would like to remove the background from the club badge images for a more cleaner, crisp look.


* Germany badge was too similar to the background image of the game. With the background of the card removed, the badge became hard to visualise - Badge was changed.
* Navbar was not functioning when a league was selected, no other leagues could then be chosen. - Fixed


## Future Features

The signup and signup feature needs to be fully functional for user experience.

I would also like to introduce a leaderboard for both the user as an individual, but also a collective leaderboard of all users.
